HOW TO PLAY RIDE THE BUS:
Ride the Bus uses a full deck of cards using all 4 suits, two of which
	are red and two of which are black.

Aces are High.

Ride The Bus is a fun game about semi-guessing four card related questions.
The goal of the game is to answer all 4 questions correctly.


FIRST QUESTION:
The first "question" is: will the next card be red or black.
You either click the red or black card.
Click the red card if you think the next card will be red.
Click the black card if you think the next card will be black.

The card will then be revealed to the top left card slot.
If you picked the correct color the game will move on to the second question.
If you picked the wrong suit, the game will say "You Lose" and the cards
	will reset.



SECOND QUESTION:
The second "question" is: will the next card be higher or lower than the
	first card.
If you believe the next card will be higher than the first card then click the
	up arrow.
If you believe the next card will be lower than the first card then click the
	down arrow.

Remember Aces are High.
The card will be revealed to the top right card slot.

If you clicked the up arrow and the next card is higher, the game will move on
	to the third question.
If you clicked the down arrow and the next card is lower, the game will move on
	to the third question.
If you clicked the up arrow and the next card is the same value or lower, the
	game will say "You Lose" and the cards will reset. You will go back 
	to question 1.
If you clicked the down arrow and the next card is the same value or higher,
	the game will say "You Lose" and the cards will reset. You will go back
	to question 1.



THIRD QUESTION:
The third "question" is: will the next card's value be in between or outside
	the two current cards already revealed. 
	An example of in between would be 5 is in between 3 and 8.
	An example of outside would be 5 is outside of 7 and Jack.

If you believe the next card's value is in between the two current card's 
	values then select "In Between".
If you believe the next card's value is outside the two current card's values
	then select "Outside".

The third card will be revealed in the bottom left slot.

If you clicked "In Between" and the next card's value was in between the other
	two card's values, the game will move on to question 4.
If you clicked "Outside" and the next card's value was outside the other
	two card's values, the game will move on to question 4.
If you clicked "In Between" and the next card's value was outside the other
	two card's values, the game will say "You Lose" and the cards will
	reset. You will go back to question 1.
If you clicked "Outside" and the next card's value was inside the other
	two card's values, the game will say "You Lose" and the cards will
	reset. You will go back to question 1.
If the card's value is the same as one of the other two card's value, the
	game will say "You Lose" and the cards will reset. You will go back
	to question 1.



FOURTH QUESTION:
The fourth "question" is: what suit will the next card be.
There are four suits in a deck of cards (Hearts, Diamonds, Clubs, and Spades).

Select out of the four options what you believe the next suit will be

The fourth card will be revealed at the bottom right slot.

If the suit you selected corresponds with the suit of the fourth card,
	you WIN THE GAME. The game will show a victory screen.

If the suit you selected does not correspond with the suit of the fourth card,
	the game will say "You Lose" and the cards will reset. You will go back
	to question 1.

The deck will automatically shuffle when there are 4 or less cards left in
	the deck.





To return to Menu simply select Menu then Return to Menu.

Enjoy. Remember Aces are High.

For information on the project click Help then Info.
All programs made by Conor Phan